here is a model of the male reproductive
system here we have the urinary bladder
and this muscle that makes up the
urinary bladder is gonna be called as a
chooser muscle again that's the true
sore muscle the bumps inside the urinary
bladder are going to be called rugae
this area right here of the urinary
bladder is going to be called the neck
of the bladder this space along here in
the bladder is going to be called the
internal urethral orifice this is the
prostate gland and this continuation
this again was the internal urethral
orifice this right here is going to be
called the prostatic urethra from the
prostatic urethra we're going to be
leading into this part right here which
is going to be the membranous urethra
which is found in the urogenital
diaphragm which is here and here again
this is the membranous urethra and then
leading out of the membranous urethra is
going to be called the penile or the
spongy urethra which is all this that I
am tracing now so we have this region
right here which is called the penile or
a spongy urethra and that leads into
this opening right here which is called
the external urethral orifice or opening
so to repeat we have the internal
urethral orifice here we have the
prostatic urethra here we have the
membranous urethra and here we have the
penile or a spongy urethra and then
leading out right here to the external
urethral orifice or opening this duct
that leads into the prostatic urethra is
going to be your ejaculatory duct again
this is all located in this larger
structure right here called the prostate
gland we have this white structure right
here called CalPERS glands or the bubble
urethral gland this pink area here which
is going to be the shaft of the penis
right along here this all of this region
right here is going to be the corpus
spongiosum and again this is the shed
this is in the shaft of the penis right
here and a little deeper around here
again oh that's going to be called the
corpus spongiosum and then we have this
darker purple or blue
which is going to be the corpus
cavernosum then we have this region
right here this part of the penis is
going to be the glans penis and again
proximal is going to be the shaft of the
penis which is all along here next we're
going to look at the testes and the
scrotum the skin on the outside is going
to be including the scrotum this region
right here all along here I'm tracing
the outside of it is going to be the
seminiferous tubules in its seminiferous
tubules and this part right here is
going to be the epididymis along here
these small circular areas are going to
be considered the ready testes and then
this area right around the epididymis
and the seminiferous tubules and ready
testes is actually only a muscle and
that muscle is called the cree master
muscle and just inside the scrotum and
sort of represented by the dots that you
see there sort of look pinkish or
reddish dots and those that's going to
be the dark toes muscle lasts this is
going to be the pubic symphysis